feat: add archive command (#205)
apiaryio/apiary-client: README.md

```
$ apiary help
Commands:

>   apiary archive                      # Archive All Your API Description Documents from apiary.io. Going to be written to files named as API project subdomain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  apiary archive                      # Archive All Your API Description Documents from apiary.io to local files named following [api-project-subdomain.apib] pattern.
```

Author: ok, this is better, updating.

### Details

#### archive

```
$ apiary help archive
Usage:
  apiary archive

Options:

>   [--output=FILE]  # Write API Description Document into specified file

Reviewer: If I read the code correctly this doesn't seem to be supported.

Author: I will try remove this option.

Author: Do you think that make sense make some output path option there?

Author: I removed this option now.
